docs(uninstall): add cluster-wide-resources uninstall docs (#271)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/guides/uninstall.md

Repeat the steps above for each mesh installed in the cluster. After there are no OSM control planes remaining, move to following step.

## OSM Resources Left Behind After Uninstalling OSM from Unmanaged and Managed Environments

> Uninstalling OSM (through the `osm uninstall mesh` command or through Helm) will uninstall osm control plane components.

Reviewer: I think the parentheses here could be removed

However, it will leave behind certain OSM resources to prevent unintended consequences for the cluster after uninstalling OSM.
The resources that are left behind will depend on whether OSM was uninstalled from a managed or unmanaged cluster environment.

> `osm uninstall mesh` uninstalls the following resources in both unmanaged and managed environments:
> 1. remove osm control plane components, including control plane pods,
> 2. remove/un-patch the conversion webhook fields from all the CRDs (which OSM adds to support multiple CR versions),

Reviewer: I think this reads a bit better since the sentences start with "remove" rather than a list of resources, but just a suggestion. Also removing commas for consistency since we don't use them in other lists in the repo
```suggestion
`osm uninstall mesh` does the following in both unmanaged and managed environments:
1. removes OSM control plane components, including control plane pods
2. removes/un-patches the conversion webhook fields from all the CRDs (which OSM adds to support multiple CR versions)
```

In addition, running `osm uninstall mesh` will uninstall the following additional resources, but only if OSM is being uninstalled from an _unmanaged_ environment. These resources will be left behind when osm is uninstalled from a _managed_ environment.

> 1. the osm resources such as meshconfig, RBAC, control plane deployments, and control plane services,
> 2. osm control plane secrets,
> 3. osm mutating webhook configurations,
> 4. osm validating webhook configurations,

Reviewer: for consistency with other references and lists in the repo
```suggestion
1. OSM resources such as meshconfig, RBAC, control plane deployments, and control plane services
2. OSM control plane secrets
3. OSM mutating webhook configurations
4. OSM validating webhook configurations
```

OSM ensures that all the CRDs mentioned [here](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/tree/{{< param osm_branch >}}/cmd/osm-bootstrap/crds)
exist in the cluster at install time.
During installation, if they are not already installed, the `osm-bootstrap` pod will install them before the rest of the control plane components are running.
This is the same behavior when using the Helm charts to install OSM as well.

> When uninstalling osm, both the `osm uninstall mesh` command and Helm uninstallation will not delete any OSM or SMI CRD in any cluster environment (managed and unmanaged) for primarily two reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When uninstalling OSM, both the `osm uninstall mesh` command and Helm uninstallation will not delete any OSM or SMI CRD in any cluster environment (managed and unmanaged) for primarily two reasons:
```

> 1. CRDs are cluster-wide resources and may be used by other service meshes or resources running in the same cluster,
> 2. deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. CRDs are cluster-wide resources and may be used by other service meshes or resources running in the same cluster
2. deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted
```

> > Note: `osm uninstall mesh` does not delete the namespace where osm is installed. This prevents unintended consequences, such as if osm was installed in `kube-system`, as deleting that namespace may delete important cluster resources and may have unintended consequences.

Reviewer 2: remove the note, this is added too many time and everywhere. We just need it once and in one place

> # Fully Cleaning Up OSM Resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Remove OSM cluster wide resources
```

> If there are no other service meshes running in the same cluster and the required OSM resources (including custom resources) have been backed up, these can be deleted using t.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there are no other service meshes running in the same cluster and the custom resources have either been backed up or are no longer required, they can be deleted using
```

Reviewer: using...?

> After uninstalling OSM, to fully clean up all OSM resources, run the following command.

Reviewer 2: This entire section and below is a duplicate of what is in the cleanup.md, I'd recommend you just add it in one place. You have the same notes and warning all over, its going to be hard to maintain and unnecessarily clutters the docs by repeating the same thing

Reviewer: +1 -- I think it makes sense to keep it here and point cleanup.md to here since this is the full uninstall guide

## Removal of OSM Cluster Wide Resources

> Uninstalling OSM (through the `osm uninstall mesh` command or through Helm) will uninstall osm control plane components.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Uninstalling OSM (through the `osm uninstall mesh` command or through Helm) will uninstall OSM control plane components.
```

> However, it will leave behind certain OSM resources to prevent unintended consequences for the cluster after uninstalling OSM.

Reviewer 3: Should we explain this in more detail?

The resources that are left behind will depend on whether OSM was uninstalled from a managed or unmanaged cluster environment.

`osm uninstall mesh` does the following in both unmanaged and managed environments:
1. removes OSM control plane components, including control plane pods
2. removes/un-patches the conversion webhook fields from all the CRDs (which OSM adds to support multiple CR versions)

> For _unmanaged_ environments, running `osm uninstall mesh` will uninstall the following additional resources. However these resources will be left behind when osm is uninstalled from a _managed_ environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For _unmanaged_ environments, running `osm uninstall mesh` will uninstall the following additional resources. However, these resources will remain in the cluster when osm is uninstalled from a _managed_ environment.
```

This is the same behavior when using the Helm charts to install OSM as well.
When uninstalling OSM, both the `osm uninstall mesh` command and Helm uninstallation will not delete any OSM or SMI CRD in any cluster environment (managed and unmanaged) for primarily two reasons:
1. CRDs are cluster-wide resources and may be used by other service meshes or resources running in the same cluster
2. deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted

# Remove OSM cluster wide resources

After uninstalling OSM, to remove cluster wide resources that OSM installs (i.e. the meshconfig, secrets, OSM CRDs, SMI CRDs, and webhook configurations), run the following command.

```bash
osm uninstall cluster-wide-resources
```

> Note: `osm uninstall mesh` and `osm uninstall cluster-wide-resources` do not delete the namespace where osm is installed. This prevents unintended consequences, such as if osm was installed in `kube-system`, as deleting that namespace may delete important cluster resources and may have unintended consequences.

> > Warning: Deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted.

Reviewer: I think you need one more line here to make this warning note render correctly
```suggestion

> Warning: Deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted.
```

> > Warning: The command will delete OSM and SMI CRDs. Deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Warning:  Deletion of a CRD will cause all custom resources corresponding to that CRD to also be deleted.
```
